# payrobot
# Introduction
Accept, store, send or forward Bitcoin, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash for your website or app and protect your privacy.

Supported crytocurrencies:
  * BTC Bitcoin
  * LTC Litecoin
  * BCH Bitcoin Cash


## Benefits

  * **Anonymous** No personal details are required and transactions are mixed among all payments. You can forward your payments so as soon payrobot.io receives it forwards it to another address under your control.
  
  * **No Registration** No registration, sign-up, application or form required to use payrobot.io
  
  * **Easy Integration** Integrate your web / app through our simple RESTful API, you can accept payments with just one line of code!
  
  * **Instant Payment Notification** Our servers notify your web / app the status of your payments. No polling, daemons or cronjobs required on your side!
  
  * **Secure** Payrobot.io works with SSL and bank-level security protocols. Your transactions are safe!


## Features
**Payment Forward**
Generate one-time addresses to recieve payments. Payrobot will notify your web /app through callbacks (webhooks) the status of the payment. As soon as it's confirmed the payment is forwarded to your desired address.

**Wallet**
Receive, send payments and store your coins in a secure, private and anonymous wallet. All events are notified to your web / app through callbacks (webhooks). You can generate wallets with just one line of code without registration or further information

## Fees
**Only 0.90% per inbound transaction** (receive payments), NO HIDDEN FEES. All outbound transactions (send funds) are totally free.

Minimum fees applies, therefore the largest amount is going to be considered as fee either: `(inboundAmount*feePct)` or `the minimum fee`

**Inbound Fees (Receive payments)**

  - `Bitcoin` 0.90% *(Minimum fee 0.00005 BTC)*
  - `Litecoin` 0.90% *(Minimum fee 0.0005 LTC)*
  - `Bitcoin Cash` 0.90% *(Minimum fee 0.0005 BCH)*
  

**Outbound Fees (Send funds)**

  - `Bitcoin` 0.00%
  - `Litecoin` 0.00%
  - `Bitcoin Cash` 0.00%


## Rate Limit
To guarantee the good performance of the service and its fair use. The API is **limited to receiving 120 requests per minute per IP**, which is sufficient for most use cases.

Payrobot.io is asynchronous in most API methods to communicate with your application through callbacks (webhooks), thus reducing unnecessary calls to the service.

**If the limit is exceeded, the IP will be banned for 1 minute.**

If you require an upper limit for your application, do not hesitate to contact us

## Considerations

  * Amounts in responses are expresed as `strings`
  
  * Wallets are not multi-currency, you have to create a different wallet per cryptocurrency (You can't store Litecoin in a Bitcoin wallet and vice-versa)
  
  * Payment forwarding has to be of the same type of currency (You can't forward a Bitcoin Cash payment to a Bitcoin address and vice-versa)
  


This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 2.7 and 3.4+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/payrobot/payrobot-python.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/payrobot/payrobot-python.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import payrobot
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import payrobot
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python
from __future__ import print_function

import time
import payrobot
from payrobot.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://api.payrobot.io
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = payrobot.Configuration(
    host = "https://api.payrobot.io"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with payrobot.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = payrobot.PaymentApi(api_client)
    currency = 'btc' # str | Object Currency:   * `btc`: Bitcoin   * `ltc`: Litecoin   * `bch`: Bitcoin Cash 
type = 0 # int | * `0: Receive and forward` payment is forwarded to a desired coin address once it's confirmed  * `1: Receive and store` payment is stored in a payrobot.io wallet 
destination = 'bc1qzlza4ke65fa2sqacjfu5vtwy8ar6x8xttgk999' # str | * For `Receive and forward` payment is the `ADDRESS` where the payment is going to be forwarded as soon as it's confirmed. **ADDRESS HAS TO BE OF THE SAME TYPE OF CURRENCY**  * For `Receive and store` payment is the payrobot.io `WALLET ID` where the payment is going to be stored as soon as it's confirmed. **WALLET HAS TO BE OF THE SAME TYPE OF CURRENCY** 
amount = 0.0129 # float | Amount of the payment
param_callback = 'https://your-callback-url.com' # str | Your URL where payrobot.io will send the status of the payment (Webhook)
reference = 'Bill123' # str | Optional custom reference to identify the payment (optional)

    try:
        # Generate a new one-use address to receive a payment
        api_response = api_instance.create_payment(currency, type, destination, amount, param_callback, reference=reference)
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling PaymentApi->create_payment: %s\n" % e)
    
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.payrobot.io*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PaymentApi* | [**create_payment**](docs/PaymentApi.md#create_payment) | **POST** /{currency}/payments | Generate a new one-use address to receive a payment
*PaymentApi* | [**get_payment**](docs/PaymentApi.md#get_payment) | **GET** /{currency}/payments/{paymentId} | Get detailed information about a payment
*WalletApi* | [**create_wallet**](docs/WalletApi.md#create_wallet) | **POST** /{currency}/wallets | Create new wallet
*WalletApi* | [**create_wallet_send_request**](docs/WalletApi.md#create_wallet_send_request) | **POST** /{currency}/wallets/{walletId}/send-requests | Send funds from a wallet
*WalletApi* | [**get_wallet**](docs/WalletApi.md#get_wallet) | **GET** /{currency}/wallets/{walletId} | Get Wallet information
*WalletApi* | [**get_wallet_history**](docs/WalletApi.md#get_wallet_history) | **GET** /{currency}/wallets/{walletId}/history | Get last transactions of wallet
*WalletApi* | [**get_wallet_send_request**](docs/WalletApi.md#get_wallet_send_request) | **GET** /{currency}/wallets/{walletId}/send-requests/{requestId} | Obtain information of a send request


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddressDetail](docs/AddressDetail.md)
 - [CryptoCurrency](docs/CryptoCurrency.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [PaymentRequest](docs/PaymentRequest.md)
 - [Wallet](docs/Wallet.md)
 - [WalletCreationInfo](docs/WalletCreationInfo.md)
 - [WalletHistory](docs/WalletHistory.md)
 - [WalletSendRequest](docs/WalletSendRequest.md)
 - [WalletTransaction](docs/WalletTransaction.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

## Author

contact@payrobot.io


